.TH Cheatshh 1 "May 2024" "Cheatshh Manual" "Cheatshh Manual Page"
NAME
    cheatshh - A shell script for managing command cheatsheets

SYNOPSIS
    cheatshh [OPTION]
    cheatshh -v, --version

DESCRIPTION
    cheatshh is an interactive command-line interface for managing command line cheatsheets. 
    It allows you to add, edit, and delete commands, as well as create, edit and delete groups of commands.
    You can bookmark commands to easily access them in main preview.

OPTIONS
    -a, --add
        Add a new command to the cheatsheet.

    -ec, --edit-command
        Edit an existing command's description or group in the cheatsheet.

    -dc, --delete-command
        Delete an existing command from the cheatsheet.

    -g, --group
        Create a new group.

    -eg, --edit-group
        Edit an existing group's name or description in the cheatsheet.

    -dg, --delete-group
        Delete an existing group and it's sub commands from commands.json file.

    -o, --options
        Display a menu to add, edit or delete commands and groups.

    -m, --man
        Display man pages after tldr in the preview.

FILES
    By default, cheatshh will create a folder in ~/.config/cheatshh where all the files and codes are stored.
    You can access it and change settings as it suits you.

    Cheatshh contains two previews pages, the main preview and the group preview. The non-bookmarked commands
    will appear in/outside groups but bookmarked commands will appear in both places.

    Cheatshh reads its configurations from 3 files mainly:

    cheats.sh
        This file is the main source code for the display, addition, deletion, grouping and editing.
    
    commands.json
        This file stores all the commands with their respective description and properties.

    groups.json
        This file stores all the groups made with their respective descriptions and sub-commands.

    cheatshh.toml 
        This file contains the default configurations for Cheatshh and can be customized.

    You can download pre-made groups through the main github page at https://github.com/AnirudhG07/cheatshh.
    Simply copy paste them into your commands.json and groups.json file to make them visible.

NOTES
    Cheatshh assumes every command is unique and you cannot have more than one command with the same name.

    Deleting a group will only delete the commands of that group. If a command is common in other groups, then
    the command will not be deleted from other groups.
    Deleting a command has optional delete from a particular group or throughout the cheatsheet. 

    Select a group or a command by pressing Enter. Go back or quit the cheatshh by pressing Escape.
    On selection of a group, you will be able to see the commands present in it with custom set descriptions and
    tldr page. 
    On selection of a command, it will be copied to your clipboard automatically, and you will be prompted to exit.
    
    Bookmarking: You can bookmark commands by pressing enter and selecting `Bookmark` in(out)side groups such that
    they will be appear in the main preview even if they were present in a group.
    Hence they could be easily accessed within and outside it's group. You can always remove bookmark of some command.

    Configuration: You can change various configuration in cheatshh.toml like color schemes, automatic man page display,
    terminal copy command to be used and even what cheatsheet you are using like tldr, cheats.sh, bropages, etc.

EXAMPLES
    To add a new command
    
        $ cheatshh -a

    To edit an existing command
    
        $ cheatshh -e

    To delete a command
    
        $ cheatshh -dc

    To create a new group
        
        $ cheatshh -g

    To edit a group
        
        $ cheatshh -eg

    To delete a group
        
        $ cheatshh -dg

    To display menu bar 
        $ cheatshh -o

    To display the man pages in addition with tldr.

        $ cheatshh -m

DEPENDENCIES
    For cheatshh to function properly, make sure you have fzf(fuzzy finder) and whiptail installed through your 
    package manager. 

AUTHOR
    Cheatshh was written by Anirudh Gupta.
    Visit <https://github.com/AnirudhG07/cheatshh> for more information.

